Add an example ImageStream template (#9)
AICoE/s2i-custom-notebook: README.md

# Running the image Locally
After building the image, you can run it locally using the following command: <br>
`podman run -p 8080:8080 MY-CUSTOM-IMAGE:latest start-singleuser.sh --ip="0.0.0.0" --port=8080`

> ## How to add the image to opendatahub/JupyterHub

Reviewer: It is Open Data Hub (not opendatahub)

Author: oops

* Once you have pushed your image to an image registry that is accessible by your JupyterHub instance,
you can use the `ImageStream` template in this repository at `openshift/oc-imagestream.yaml`.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: image.openshift.io/v1
kind: ImageStream
metadata:
  labels:
    opendatahub.io/notebook-image: "true" # <-- setting it true makes it visible to ODH/JupyterHub

>   name: s2i-custom-notebook # <-- Update the ImageStream name here

Reviewer: Since there is a note about the naming of ImageStram in ODH 0.5 and older, should this suggested name omit hte `s2i-` prefix?

Author: that's just to keep it consistent with the repo name and the image name
but i think we can change it to `custom-notebook`

Reviewer: That's fine, whatever feels more natural. We will add more labels in the future to cover things like name, description, capabilities.. so the IS name will kind of become irrelevant

spec:
  lookupPolicy:
    local: true
  tags:
  - from:
      kind: DockerImage

>       name: quay.io/thoth-station/s2i-custom-notebook:latest # <-- Change to your container Image with tag

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      name: docker-registry.upshift.redhat.com/aicoe-notebooks/s2i-custom-notebook:latest # <-- Change to your container Image with tag
```
As this the image to be pull from image registry which is not quay.io.

Author: i was thinking this should more of a general instruction that should always work

Reviewer 2: as we are pushing the image to internal registry, i was thinking using a content notebook example would be more suitable for the users. WDYT?

Author: yeah makes sense :+1:

>       name: docker-registry.upshift.redhat.com/aicoe-notebooks/s2i-custom-notebook:latest # <-- Change to your container Image with tag

Reviewer: Should it rather mention a public registry URL as an example?

Author: @harshad16 should we do quay instead?

Reviewer 2: As this container image created by the pipeline were maintain in the internal registry due to the requirement of keeping them behind VPN. 
Using the same registry example would be more convenient for the users, i feel.
WDYT?

Reviewer 2: surely we can point to quay.io :)

Author: i think this repo (and the `s2i-custom-notebook` image) should be usable independent of the pipeline

Reviewer: Yeah, that is kind of my point - since it is publicly available, I'd not tie it into an internal pipeline or process

Author: so it would make more sense if we keep a public image link in the docs

Reviewer 2: make sense,  we can use the quay.io.
sorry @4n4nd  for the inconvenience .

    importPolicy:
      scheduled: true
    name: "latest"
```

* After updating the template file with your image details, you can run the following command to create a ImageStream in your JupyterHub Namespace:

>   `oc create -f openshift/oc-imagestream.yaml -n MY_JUPYTERHuB_NAMESPACE`

Reviewer: I'd recommend suggesting `oc apply` since that is more versatile and generally preferred command
